# Lesson 0: What is HTML and what it isn't?
### Few info on start:
0. At the moment, this information may not be obvious, but it will become understandable and logical over time. At least I hope so :sweat_smile:.
1. **HTML is not a programing language!** It's a tag template to build a web page :point_up:. 
2. Second :v:. **What is HTML?** It's a lot of tags to create elements on page, you just write description for browsers and then browser know where and what should display everything what you want. Imagine a **toolbox** or **cosmetics case**. There is a lot of separate places for different items. Now imagine that they are full of this items. This is HTML. **This is a web page**. Template and content.
3. Third :point_left::point_up::point_right:. I forgot how nice is Markdown :smile:.
4. :point_left::v::point_right: First step to get a knowlage is learned how to build static website. You must learn how to use tags and what are this tags. Next you will konw what is dynamic page. And next next, how to loading data to display from database or files.
5. :hand: To create static page you need only HTML file and browser. It's pretty simple. But. CSS is little nightmare xD. CSS is info for browser how content should be display. Maybe It is illogical but I like this way to creating pages.  
6. :point_up::hand: To create **dynamic pages** you can use JavaScript and actually you will using it :smirk:. 
7. :v::hand: To loade data from database you need server where content is prepare to finaly site. This is what IT call backend, something what we can't see in simple way. Another way is downloading content in time when user watching page. For that we can use JavaScript and asyncronic request to server.
8. :point_up::metal::hand: **JavaScript?** Programing language interpreted in real time by the browser on user side. With it we can do a lot of more cool things like a message window. Messanger using JS and thanks to that we don't have to refresh the page every time we want to check if a new message has arrived. So, without reloading page we can change everything, all tags and content.
9. :metal::hand::metal: CSS == Cascading Style Sheets, sick motherfucker but if you learned how to control it, you will have a power to create website as an arts. Websites will be responsive for smartphones and PCs. One page, few different devices. This is it what I like in web.
10. :raised_hands: Web page for me is not only information to display. Usualy I realy like play with CSS to create something cool and nice to eyes. I think It's kind of art actualy.